feat: widget docs (#25)
cowprotocol/docs-v2: docs/front-end/widget/README.md

> # CowSwap Widget

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# CoW Swap Widget
```

Author: Thank you!
Fixed everywhere: https://github.com/cowprotocol/docs-v2/pull/25/commits/96928b27ce5d6bf689ef7182af43e5d609b3fd05

> Integrate the power of `CowSwap` into your product!

Reviewer: Marketing will kill you. Use capital `W` :D

```suggestion
Integrate the power of `CoW Swap` into your product!
```
